Update Styleguide article in Contribution section (#4413)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Contribute/Style-Guide/index.md

The rule will, as an example, ensure that the names *Microsoft* and *Slack* are always capitalized.

## Using Vale locally

One of the big strengths of Vale is that it is possible as a contributor to run the tests locally before you create a PR.

First step to running Vale locally is to install it following Vale's [Installation documentation](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/installation/).

Next you can open a command line tool in the documentation repository and run the following command:

```vale --glob='*.md' .```

This tells Vale to test all markdown files (.md) in the current directory (.). The output will look something like this:

![Vale Output](images/vale-output.png)

It will show you what file has issues. In the case above the `v8documentation.md` article broke the [HeadingsPunctuation rule](#punctuation-in-headings), and it did so the following places:

- Line 15, column 36
- Line 59, column 15
- Line 64, column 12

When the check has run you will get the total amount of errors, warnings and suggestions including how many files has been checked.

## Visual Studio Code extension

> There is an extension for Visual Studio Code hiwch allows you to use Vale as you are writing documentation. It can also be used to run checks on existing articles and find where the potential changes are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an extension for Visual Studio Code which allows you to use Vale as you are writing documentation. It can also be used to run checks on existing articles and find where potential changes are needed.
```
